# Data_warehouse
Forming a Data-warehouse using ETL process on incident management dataset.
we formed a datawarehouse on a relational dataset.
I focused on Diagrams and Schemas. After going over the data collection, construct a conceptual architecture that explains the relationships between the raw data columns and creates a logical data warehouse. built the star schema by creating the fact and dimensions tables. The schema for a data warehouse is designed to help users comprehend the data in a database by establishing relationships between tables. In this assignment. So, for this relational database, I started by drawing a simple entity relationship diagram and identifying the various dimensional relationships.
We planned to create an operational database after finalizing, therefore we created a data-warehouse on SSMS and tried creating tables inside it by classifying the data into dimension and facts. We created the connection between, SSIS and the tables in the warehouse as we were forming them. We also inserted the data into the dimensions and the fact table after connecting. Then we loaded the data in each cell and formed a relation between them in SSIS(Visual Studio). After the connection between the loaded tables failed several times, we attempted to manage the cache in order to build connections between all of the loaded data, and we were successful in doing so.
Then we moved on to using SSRS and SSMS to create the reports. After that, we'll apply what we've learned from the lecture to our transformed data. We created reports based on our circumstances. We used sophisticated fonts and colours to make our reports look fancy.
Last but not least, we must create graphs and display relationships in a dataset using Neo4j. Product, customers, staff, and orders were among the nodes in the Schema. This data was imported into the import folder, and these nodes were formed in the database. We concentrated on building the relationship and capturing data through CQL after the data was imported and nodes were constructed. The relationships in sales were depicted in a report based on the schema. Finally, we created the presentation, gathering and connecting all of the materials for a better conclusion.
